Fixes of i18n on readme.md (#65)
vtex-apps/store-link: docs/README.md

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->
<!-- DOCS-IGNORE:end -->

The Store Link app provides blocks for displaying links in other theme blocks, such as Product Summary.

![image](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/vtexdocs/dev-portal-content@main/images/vtex-store-link-0.png)

## Configurating the store link

1. Add the `store-link` app to your theme dependencies in the `manifest.json` file. Then, you can use all the [blocks](#blocks) exported by the `store-link` app and its respective [props](#props).

```diff
  "dependencies": {
+   "vtex.store-link": "0.x"
  }
```

> 2. Based on the exported list, choose the desired block and declare it in the block hosting the link. See below an example of a `link.product` being used in the [`product-summary`](https://vtex.io/docs/components/product/vtex.product-summary) block:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Choose one of the [blocks](#blocks) exported by the `store-link` app and declare it in the block where the link will be displayed. See below an example of a `link.product` being used in the [`product-summary`](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/apps/vtex.product-summary) block to display the "More details" link.
```

  },
}
```

> > ⚠️ Note that you must place the `link.product` block inside a block that provides a product context (e.g., [`ProductSummary`](https://vtex.io/docs/components/product/vtex.product-summary)). From the previous example, note that a `{slug}` placeholder is being passed onto the `href` prop. When rendered, this placeholder is overwritten by the value accrued from the closest product context, generating a link like `/everyday-necessaire/p`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ Note that you must place the `link.product` block inside a block that provides a product context (e.g., [`ProductSummary`](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/apps/vtex.product-summary)). From the previous example, note that a `{slug}` placeholder is being passed onto the `href` prop. When rendered, this placeholder is overwritten by the value accrued from the closest product context, generating a link like `/everyday-necessaire/p`.
```

## Blocks

| Block          | Description                                      |
| -------------- | ------------------------------------------------ |

> | `link.product` | A link containing the product context.           |
> | `link`         | A normal link that does not contain any context. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `link.product` | A link that uses the product context, such as a product slug or department. For example, `/{slug}/p`.       |
| `link`         | A regular link that does not require the product context to function. For example, `/home`. |
```

| `displayMode`     | `enum`   | How the link will be displayed. Possible values are: `anchor` (displays a normal link with no styles) or `button` (displays a button that can be customized using the `buttonProps` prop).                                                                                                                                                                               | `anchor`                              |
| `buttonProps`     | `object` | How the link button will be displayed. Use this prop only when the `displayMode` prop is set as `button`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                | `{ variant: primary, size: regular }` |

> | `escapeLinkRegex` | `string` | RegExp, with global match, used to remove special characters within product specifications (e.g. if you want to use `/[%]/g` then `escapeLinkRegex` = `[%]`).                                                                                                                                                                                                            | `undefined`                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `escapeLinkRegex` | `string` | RegExp, with global match, used to remove special characters within product specifications (e.g., if you want to use `/[%]/g` then `escapeLinkRegex` = `[%]`).                                                                                                                                                                                                            | `undefined`                           |
```

}
```

Considering the `href` prop from the previous example, note that the URL link will be built correctly if the current page has the `returnUrl` query string. Otherwise, it will be built with an empty value.

> Depending on the context the `link.product` block is used, you can use *product variables* to structure different URL paths for the `href` prop. For example, you could create a link to a specific product department (`/{department}`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the context that the `link.product` block uses, you can use product variables to structure different URL paths for the `href` prop. For example, you could create a link to a specific product department (`/{department}`).
```
